Great job. Your score is 95. A few comments:

1. "Whether spatial regressions can accurately predict the home prices when compared to OLS..." we're looking to see whether it's a better explanatory model that accounts for spatial autocorrelation. "accurate prediction" would be a better term if we were looking at a model where we were focusing on R-squares or the RMSE of unseen data.
2. You're correct to say that values close to |1| indicate high levels of positive or negative spatial autocorrelation, however in the hypothesis tests, we are looking to see whether we can reject H0: I= E(I under no spatial autocorrelation) = -1/(n-1), where n = # observations. So depending on the n, even small deviations of observed Moran's I from E(I) under H0 will be significant. That is, even a value of 0.10 can indicate significant spatial autocorrelation.
3. When you discuss the spatial regression models, you mention "Moran’s I ranges from -1 to 1, where -1 indicates perfect dispersion, 0 indicates no spatial autocorrelation, and 1 indicates perfect correlation". This isn't entirely correct because you can have Moran's I values > |1|, though this happens rarely, and under H0 of no spatial autocorrelation, Moran's I isn't exactly 0 but slightly negative (-1/(n-1) = -1/(1720-1) = -.0006 in this case).
4. **-2.** I would like to see more discussion of p-values and multiple testing for GWR
5. "This visual check indicates that the residuals are approximately normally distributed in terms of their values, but they may not be perfectly normally distributed in a spatial context." I'm not sure I understand what you mean by this.
6. " GWR model has an AIC of 309, which is significantly lower than the AIC of the OLS model (1435), the Spatial Lag model (525), and the Spatial Error model (759). " When you write a statistical report, only use the term "significant" if you are doing a hypothesis test, which is not something you're doing here (i.e., you're not conducting a statistical hypothesis to compare the AICs of the two models). In this context, the term "substantial" is more appropriate.
7. In GWR, the Beta/SE ratios aren't quite t-values. They are just the ratios of the beta coefficients to their standard errors to obtain a proxy for possible significant.
8. **-2.** In general, you should use much more careful language to describe "significance" for GWR. You can say that locations with high Beta/SE ratios (in absolute value) are those where the relationship between the predictor and the dependent variable may possibly be significant, because again, we aren't doing a formal hypothesis test.
9. **-1.** "In contrast, several central and north-central tracts, especially around Center City and North Philadelphia, show lower local R² values (as low as 0.17), suggesting the model does not capture as much of the local variation in these areas." The model doesn't capture as much of the variability in y, not local variation.
10. The issue with ArcGIS and GWR is the fact that the current version of it presents incorrect results - it can yield negative local R-squares, which is certainly problematic and raises red flags about other parts of the output. 
